Here's the outline I got now. Add a small paragraph about yourself, and then I'll find some pictures/make a general mockup. I'll send you a picture once I make it. Also read through it and make any changes you want.

Nav Bar:




The Tournament || The Cause || Donations || Sponsors || Sign Up || about us ||




Content:




About the Tournament:


-A one day ultimate hat tournament to raise money for ALS
-9am - 2pm
-Saturday, August 23rd, 2014
-NorthView Junior High Athletic Fields
-Address…….
-




Tired of playing ultimate with no purpose or cause? Think that the spirit of the game is getting lost behind all your national championship medals?
Come join us for a one-day hat tournament filled with fun, a raffle, food, sweet merchandise, and a chance to give back to the community by raising money for a great cause.
Invite your friends, coworkers, family, or the friendly person you just met while waiting in line for coffee. no experience required.




About the Cause:

About ALS


Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) is a progressive neurodegenerative disease that affects nerve cells in the brain and the spinal cord. Motor neurons reach from the brain to the spinal cord and from the spinal cord to the muscles throughout the body. The progressive degeneration of the motor neurons in ALS eventually leads to their death. When the motor neurons die, the ability of the brain to initiate and control muscle movement is lost. With voluntary muscle action progressively affected, patients in the later stages of the disease may become totally paralyzed.


ALS was first described in 1869 by French neurologist Jean-Martin Charcot, but it wasn't until 1939 that Lou Gehrig brought national and international attention to the disease when he abruptly retired from baseball after being diagnosed with ALS. Most commonly, the disease strikes people between the ages of 40 and 70, and as many as 30,000 Americans have the disease at any given time.


ALS has cut short the lives of other such notable and courageous individuals as Hall of Fame pitcher Jim "Catfish" Hunter, Senator Jacob Javits, actors Michael Zaslow and David Niven, creator of Sesame Street Jon Stone, television producer Scott Brazil, boxing champion Ezzard Charles, NBA Hall of Fame basketball player George Yardley, pro football player Glenn Montgomery, golfer Jeff Julian, golf caddie Bruce Edwards, British soccer player Jimmy Johnstone, musician Lead Belly (Huddie Ledbetter), photographer Eddie Adams, entertainer Dennis Day, jazz musician Charles Mingus, composer Dimitri Shostakovich, former vice president of the United States Henry A. Wallace and U.S. Army General Maxwell Taylor.


The ALS Association


All proceeds will be donated to the ALS Association, a national non-profit organization leading "the way in research, care services, public education, and public policy — giving help and hope to those facing the disease". (link to website)


Donations:


Total (have a goal amount) :


Donators: (have a list of all donators, depending on amount given, change font size/ordering depending on amount given)


Donate now



Sponsors:




want to sponsor us? contact us....


(Still not convinced? watch this video to make you feel better?)**not sure what we could put here, but thought it might be cool if we had something funny**


Sing up


name:
email:
experience: []little to none []recreational []youth league []summer league []college []college nationals []club []club nationals or higher
(necessary for making even teams)


You may request up to 3 people to be on the same team as you.
player requests:


Want to be sponsored?
Have your friend, parent, or simply anyone you can find sponsor you. An initial $15 dollars gets you a personal penny; and for every layout, D, score, sky, or sweet play our stat keepers think acceptable, your sponsor donates $1. There will be prizes to the top 3 sponsored players, so be ready to ball out.
[] check here and we'll send you the info by email to sign up to be sponsored.




no mandatory registration fee?
We don't want to limit your ability to come based on your financial circumstances. We ask that you donate as much as you feel willing, but we'd rather see your beautiful face than have a higher donation total. Also, if you have any rich friends, Uncle's, or parents, get them to sponsor you with the sponsor option (above).


About us


Daniel Rasmusson




Nick Ladas
I'm currently a Junior studying Mechanical Engineering at the University of Wisconsin Madison. I've been playing ultimate competitively since 8th grade and am currently playing on the Wisconsin Hodags. During my sophomore year in high school, my father was diagnosed with ALS, completely changing my life. This tournament has given me the chance to help everyone affected by the disease and to bring the community closer togather through a day of fun-filled competition.




Questions? Comments? Concerns? Tips? Wanna simply chat or hang out sometime?
email us at....
